But because now when we are a PWA,
now we have our own window,
we're not in a browser tab.
So, we can manage Windows
in a different way.
I'm not sure how many of you were on
the web when that browser was there,
that's Netscape 1.0.
I actually started with Netscape 2.0.
So I'm not so well.
On that time, we didn't have tabs.
Everything was a window.
And from that time and even IE, that's
IE3, there was a way to move windows.
Window.moveTo, resizeTo, open, and
the two, they are kind of dead.
You cannot move the window from JavaScript
because you don't own the window.
There are other tabs in the window,
in the Chrome window or the Safari window.
So if you try to use those
old APIs from the 90s,
they don't work unless you are a PWA.
So when you start a PWA,
you have your own window and you can
create more windows of the same app.
So here,
I have a demo that I did with a PWA.
So you install the PWA, and
then those buttons are just executing
JavaScript, they can open
more windows of the same app.
You can see the same orange on
the title bar, and you can resize them,
move them around,
talking to the OS directly, okay?
So it's a very simple API, moveTo,
resizeTo, it works over the window.
And also, we have new APIs.
For example, there is one known as
multi-screen windows placement API.
That can also work with websites,
not just with installed PWAs.
In this case, you can actually
get information about screens and
screens in plural.
Because now you can connect more than
one screen to a computer to display, so
you can get how many screens do we have?
And you can even pick, if you wanna move a
window from your PWA to another screen and
you can get details about that, okay?
Another API, windows-controls-overlay.
This one is brand new,
I haven't seen so many PWAs using them.
The idea is that you change
the property in the manifest.
For those of you without experience yet
in PWA, now you have a homework.
After this course,
you need to go and take the PWA1.
But, there is a file known
as the manifest file and
the manifest file will give you metadata,
will give the OS metadata about your app.
Well, that's changing that metadata.
When you set that property,
now you can do things like this.
Your own window will
let you render HTML and
CSS content in the title bar, okay?
So this is a Wikipedia PWA and
you can see there is a search bar
directly in the title bar, okay?
So that's a new API and it's currently
available in Chrome and Edge on desktop.